{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Weekly Meeting Minutes (1/28/18 to 2/3/18)\
\

\b Meeting Location:
\b0  Library\
\

\b Topics:
\b0 \
- Work That\'92s Been Completed\
- Bi-weekly Video Update\
- Action Items\
\

\b Work That\'92s Been Completed
\b0 \
Database creation scripts have been made. They will create all the database tables that we defined in our design document. We will be using SQL Server 2017 Express Edition for the database. Repository has been created and will start uploading weekly meeting minutes to it and other documents pertaining to the project.\
\

\b Bi-Weekly Video Update\

\b0 Spent some time to write down what we needed to cover in the bi-weekly video update. Recorded this and uploaded it to FlipGrid.\
\

\b Action Items\

\b0 Josh - Look into seeing how we could port the app from Android to iOS. Get initial project created and code from earlier that we used to create some of our sample image for the login screen.\
Kolby - Keep looking into ways we can get the app connected to the SQL Server. Possibly create some test data scripts.
\b \

\b0 Both - Keep thinking about how we want to do documentation for the project, attempt some documentation on initial work to get a feel for what works/doesn\'92t, and see if we can come up with something that works for the both of us\
\

\b Next Meeting: 
\b0 Yet to be decided}