{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10980\viewh11960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Weekly Meeting Minutes (1/21/18 to 1/27/18)\
\

\b Meeting Location:
\b0  Senior Design Classroom / walking back to the Union\
\

\b Topics:
\b0 \
- Schedule for project\
- How we want to do our assignments for Senior Design 2\
- Action Items\
\

\b Schedule for project
\b0 \
Start this week/weekend. Set deadlines every few weeks and deadlines/things we want working will be focus on the use cases that we outlined in the design document. The plan will be to create very simplified version of app, to guarantee base functionality exists, then go in and \'93pretty\'94 it up.\
\

\b Assignments\

\b0 One of us will create/upload meeting minutes for each week with what we covered and add it to the repository. The Bi-Weekly pitches will be worked on sometime early in the week they are due. Pitches will be addressed later on in the semester.\
\

\b Action Items\

\b0 Josh - Create GitHub repository and project file and start working on login screen of app\
Kolby - Create scripts for creating the database and tables and look into connecting sever to app.
\b \

\b0 Both - Think about how we want to do documentation for the project, attempt some documentation on initial work to get a feel for what works/doesn\'92t, and see if we can come up with something that works for the both of us\
\

\b Next Meeting: 
\b0 Yet to be decided}